Date: September 20 is school year returning
Delivery date: End of August

Two installations planned:
	Nebbinger
	Greenfield

QUESTIONS
---
What data is the Arduino sending?
	Site_ID
	3 VWC values (1 per probe)
	Timestamps for each packet
	Temperature data from the temp sensor
	Battery life/usage

What data structure makes the most sense?
	site_id: xxxx;
	time_stamp: xxxx;
		water_sensor_1: xxxx;
		water_sensor_2: xxxx;
		water_sensor_3: xxxx;
		temp_sensor: xxxx;
		power: xxxx;

How do we best visualize this on the page?
	We need to list all the use cases of the site. 
		HOW are people using this? Teachers? Students?
	Can we recruit a designer? Would Georgia Guthrie or Justin or Ben be interested?
	What are the units?
	Are there three values to show, or are we averaging the three values so 1 value per sensor?
	Decide on a final graphing solution:
		XJS - Sencha
		D3 - JASON (working on understanding D3)
		ChartKick
Not assigned
--------------
Graph all four (3 VMCs and the average) on a chart for the kids to look at.
Add an average of all three soil moisture VWCs to server code
Add a "water me" signal - an actual light(s) on the sunflower blink below a certain threshold, as well as a web page flag (such as an image).
Add temperature graph to server.
Develop a sleep mode for saving the battery when the Arduino is not taking readings. 
	Narcoleptic library: http://code.google.com/p/narcoleptic/

Chris
--------------
Add an average of all three soil moisture VWCs to Arduino code and data structure. (NOT Sent - generated on the Arduino AND the server)
Add temperature calculation code to data structure, call temperature calcuation function in readings.
Add timestamp code to Arduino data structure.
Set up Rails app to run on phillywatersheds.org - It's a Drupal site on a Linux virtual private server w/GoDaddy (not my choice, believe me) and I have administrative access.

Matt
--------------
Add temperature sensor to hardware.
Add timestamp to the data sent from the Arduino as it is sent.
Add timestamp code to Arduino software

James
--------------
Add SD card data logger to Arduino.
Add SD card data logger code to the Arduino.
	Storing data when WiFi is down
	Queueing and posting backloged data
	Marking records as sent on SD card.

Kevin
--------------
Add data collection and display to server code.

Jason
--------------
Add USGS data (precipitation, sunlight, etc.) from this page: http://waterdata.usgs.gov/pa/nwis/uv?01474500 based on zip code entered into the server


Complete
--------------
Add Volumetric Water Content (%) to Arduino code and data structure.
Add temperature calculation code to Arduino code.
Add clock/battery to Arduino hardware.
Set a database up to store the data.
Make collected data available on the page for download/analysis.
Open API for students to access.